hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with you all again today first off I
just want to tell you thank you for all
the like and all the subscribes it is a
blessing to us I'm just want to say this
to you I believe I'm right at 74,000
people and uh we got two people born
again with this last video for for what
I know uh that they C they told us in an
email or whatever and I just want to
tell you all thank you for all of the uh
for all of the support you're giv us uh
it is a true blessing and we're getting
the gospel out and it is is reaching the
lost throughout the whole world people
uh commenting in the comment section it
helps us and I just want to tell you
thank you so here we are um you know at
the end of O October and I told you all
to be watching Gavin and he decides to
make a trip to China and for 5 days to
try to do some kind of Ambassador than
for the green New Deal basically bottom
line is is he's campaigning I'm telling
you I believe the man's going to start
to announce his he's going to be running
for president uh vice president or
whatever for the Democratic party I just
believe there's something to this I've
seen him Envision several times maybe it
won't be this time maybe it will be this
time we will see but I believe we will
see something soon if if he is going to
do something but he uh he is over there
he was in China he was doing a lot of
photo ops and it looked like he was
campaigning to me so we'll see and uh to
watch Michelle and and if Michelle comes
out and does something I believe they
will run together so I don't know it
let's just keep watching so you know I
was praying about what what um uh I
should talk to you all about today and
and the Lord told me he said I he he
wanted me to talk to you all about the
Angels again and I said well Lord I said
they've already heard that and he said
Brandon how many times have you heard a
word over and over and over again and
you still don't get it he said faith
comes by hearing and hearing by the word
of God and he said Son you there's a lot
of times he goes you've heard sermons
over and over and over again some of my
favorite ones and he said you still
don't have the full manifestation on it
he said it's going to be repetitive when
it becomes a rama word for their life
Rama words he said that's what it takes
to faith comes by hearing and hearing
and hearing and hearing it didn't say it
just you have to hear it just once
having heard the word of God it comes by
hearing the word of God over and over
and over again so I want to say this to
you all about about today the Lord said
to me he said in these last days right
now where we are in these last seconds
of the last days there is going to be
there's going to be divine
manifestations of angelic
encounters um for protection for
visitations and manifestations of the
glory of God and so I'm going to tell
you about one of these manifestations
that we had as a family uh coming home
from work one day um my wife and I we
worked at the church I told you all
about this for for for years and I clean
the rugs there I clean the carpets the
floors and everything and and it was a
Saturday afternoon it was we're just
getting off work it was sat it was in
the middle of the summer really really
hot outside uh and um my wife was
pregnant at the time with our daughter
and um so we're driving home in my truck
and my truck the gas gauge on my truck
was broken and um and so you never knew
how much gas you had in the truck so you
just you just be guessing and you know
when you're driving it was a long drive
to work and drive back I you know I
thought I had enough so we're driving
home and all of a sudden uh the engine
turns off on my truck and I and my wife
said oh honey what's wrong cuz I start I
said oh it was like you you know you
know when your truck just turns off
you're driving down the highway and your
truck turns off so I pulled over and I
was I was like you know freaking out
because it's hot outside and you know I
had my pregnant wife in the car and my
two children and um at the time my my
son who's doing the filming right now
and I had my oldest daughter who had
special needs and so I was just like oh
no I said I believe we just ran out of
gas and and I was just like and so I
just started praying in the Holy Ghost
and I grabbed the wheel in my car and I
said God we need a miracle right now cuz
it was a long ways to the gas station
and it was a long ways back the other
way to the gas station and and like I
said it's hot outside I mean in Oklahoma
it's very very hot where we were it was
probably 105 degrees at least uh with
without the heat index you know and so
in the truck it was really hot and and
and and so my wife I was sitting there
and I just praying the spirit I grabbed
a hold of it and I said man Lord I said
I don't want to get out of the truck to
to D to walk to the gas station several
miles and uh and and we're all just
praying and I my wife's praying in the
spirit I'm praying in the spirit where
you know and all of a sudden I had my
hands on the wheel and I feel a bang
like on the back of our tailgate of our
truck and I thought somebody from the
the highway just had rear ended us as
we're parked on the side of the road
there and it was that much of a jolt it
hit us like that and and I thought oh
man we just got rear ended but it wasn't
like it wasn't violent it was just a a
nudge and all of a sudden I see this
massive Angel With These Wings out H
mongus spread out humongous spread out
over like this and he smiles real big at
me and I I screamed cuz it startled me
and he had this big chunky cheeks you
know you know he was like kind of
similar like mine but but it was he was
full of joy his his whole face was
radiating from the glory of God and I'm
not saying I see it in the natural like
you can touch it but I'm seeing it in
the spirit in the Supernatural through
through through a vision and he grabs a
hold of our tailgate of our truck and he
starts pushing us down the
highway and um all of a sudden we start
gaining speed and gaining speed and we
start going faster and faster and I
turned my blinker on and I start I I
entered into the highway this is all
Supernatural I enter into the highway
and I start I'm able to get on the
highway we're going about 65 miles an
hour going almost then we start going to
70 okay with the engine off on this
vehicle the truck and we start picking
up speed picking up and speed picking up
speed and we start passing people in the
leftand lane as we're entering into on
the highway with the angel pushing us
and and I'm we're all we're I'm looking
but we're all in shock you know in the
natural cuz my wife we're all we know
we're being we can feel we're being
pushed we go two and a half was it yeah
two and a half miles we go two and a
half miles about all the way down to
this this uh to to where we exit off the
highway on the right exit off we go down
the the the ramp go to a stop light to a
stop light completely stop
then uh turn right go another quarter of
a mile down and then we go and we turn
and we go into the gas
station and the angel right before we
get to the pump Yanks on the back of the
tailgate and stops US right in front of
the pump we all just started screaming
and worshiping because of what just
happened it it shocked us we were so it
was you know one of those moments you're
just going is this really happening you
know but it was it it was so
overwhelming my wife and I and my kids
my kid my two my two kids my my one with
special needs and my and my my oldest
who's my my my young my middle
child he just started scream we all
screaming cuz he could he could sense
that the car was moving could you son
yeah do you remember it it was like it
it CH it change your life of course and
my wife my wife was we all just started
screaming and worshiping the Lord and
everybody else at the gas station that
was pumping gas was looking at us like
what are they yelling about but we were
yelling because the windows were down on
the truck cuz it was hot like I told you
and the truck was off but we turned the
TR the window down on the truck and uh
rolled them down
and um and and people were listening to
us screaming and yelling and praising
the Lord and was looking at us like what
is going on over there but God
supernaturally sent an
angel to protect my wife and children on
the side of a highway going down the the
road when we he knew that it was
dangerous for a pregnant wife to for my
pregnant wife to be in the truck and my
other my other children to be in the
back of the truck without me there and
it was dangerous already it was hot
everything but God came through and
he'll do the same for you I believe it's
time to believe for the miraculous in
your life nothing's too big for God and
nothing is too small God loves you and
he wants all he said all things are
possible to him that will
believe there's so many times that I can
tell you that Jesus has come through
supernaturally for us and this is just
one of the test testimonies that stood
out to me the most about all of them
that Jesus come through again and again
and again and again people always ask me
how do you hear the Lord the way you do
and and they want to know what what your
secrets are and all that you know and
and I and I'm going to tell you all this
I'm not anything special I just I I I
pray and I
obey I I'm hungry for his voice I'm
hungry for his presence on my life and I
seek Him and I said Lord what what do
you have for me today what do you have
for my wife today what do you want us to
do for you whether you we give
sacrificially a lot and we and I tell
him say when he when he comes to me I
say Lord he said I need you to give so
and so this money and I say Lord that's
a lie for us well you know I I obey I
listen to him and I obey what he tells
me to do
so I really believe with all my heart
this is where it comes down to how do
you hear the voice of God do something
that you don't like doing and do it with
all your heart whether that's
cleaning uh for the for the nursery I've
noticed when you act act in you know
when you act in in in things of service
to towards uh the Widow I've told you
about these things like when I mow my
grandmother's yard it's it doesn't what
your flesh want to do in the middle of
the summer but I grab it and I get a
hold of that lawn mower and I ride
around and I her whole whole almost an
acre of land and she's 88 88 years old
and you know it's an act of love you do
that sometimes twice a week whenever the
Rainy season's coming and you keep
pushing you keep pushing and I've done
that for 12 years now you keep going and
going and going and you do it and I do
it for free I never charge won't let her
pay me I do it because I love her and
and every time I realize whenever I get
on that mow when you know some she say
son can you help me pull the weeds my
firebed or can you can you help me Rake
my leaves in the fall from the trees and
I say yes grandma I'll be over there and
she give me a PE a pie or something or a
cake or cookies or something you know
it's just love love does that and I'll
realize when I'm sacrificing my time and
it and like I said your flesh don't want
to do stuff like that when you're doing
it for free I'll be out there Mo and I
and the Lord start talking and I'll be
like wow Lord how's things going and I'm
talking clear clear clear as Crystal
just sitting there just mowing around
he'll talk about and and usually when
I'm doing stuff like that he'll talk
about Investments and people say oh God
don't talk about Investments you don't
know God a lot of you all don't have a
clue who God is you really don't I I I
look at the comment section I go I feel
sorry for you because of how ignorant
you are to to who really God is you
think you know him but you don't know
him um and I realize when you volunteer
at the church when I told you when you
do acts of service like whenever you do
it under the Lord and he tells you do
something and die to self it's a
Brokenness where he talks to you a horse
a wild horse is a beautiful animal and
it's it's a useful thing it a horse is a
useful thing but it is not able to be
used correctly until it's broken a horse
has to be broken so that it can be used
correctly and I'm telling you just like
that the more the horse is broken the
greater the service
and so I'm trying to tell you like this
our lives are broken before the Lord
he's the Potter we're the clay and the
more you do stuff of active service and
you help out with people and like what
I'm talking about I I worked at the
church I told you all for it was almost
going on 15
years between a big Ministry down in
Texas and then the one I I worked up in
Oklahoma I I I cleaned I was a janitor
every single day I told y all this I
clean and clean and clean and it was
times my flesh is screaming I do not
want to do this anymore and the Lord
says do it again how many more years
Lord more time and he wouldn't give me
he wouldn't tell me a time frame he
would just tell me keep
going clean clean clean clean clean
honor honor honor honor honor whenever I
didn't want to honor the pastor there I
wanted to badmouth him because I didn't
like the way he preached and didn't want
to talk about the glory he didn't want
to talk about things my mouth I he said
no not only do you not touch him on the
out with your mouth but you don't touch
him in your heart I'm looking at your
heart too and your heart has to get
right before me or I'm not going to
release you and so I said Lord I cannot
come not complain in my heart he said
but the willing and obedient will eat
the good of the land Brandon and you're
you may be you may be obedient right now
to me but you're not willing I need you
to start being willing in your heart to
and being obedient to what I've asked
you to do I thought I'm going to be here
the rest of my life cuz there is no way
I can be willing and obedient and do
this at the same time year and years and
years go by and I'm finally I started
enjoying my life there I started
enjoying being there I started
ministering to the people around me and
I start man I'm going to make this the
best if this is where I'm going to be
even if I'm grow old and gray and I
barely can go if this is where God's
called me to be and I have to do this
I'm going to do with all my heart to him
and I'm not going to complain in my
heart no more and you know what it was
it was it was a dying to self it was
continually practicing his presence
continually getting on the Potter's will
and saying father not my will but yours
be
done not my will but yours be done and I
refuse to to to to to allow My Flesh to
dominate me anymore and so I got on that
Potter's will and I kept walking it out
and I clean it and I go in there and
they treat me like trash and I say man
I'm going to pray for them today I'm
going to love on them and I'd lay hands
on people and people and the Lord to
heal them and people get delivered
people get set free and I thought man
this is my little Ministry I started
having a little people try to volunteer
they wanted to hang around they start
volunteering hey can we hang out with
you we want to hear more about Lord and
stuff and i' go in there I teach him how
to pray and I and that's just what I did
and I did that for years and you know
and it was about six years later when I
started changing my my heart right
toward it I said the Lord came to me and
he said you're done and I I'll never
forget where I was standing I was
standing I I was coming out of a
bathroom cleaning it he said Son you
pass your test you're done he said on
this day you're going to quit your job
there and and uh for cleaning and you
can still do the rugs and stuff cuz I at
this time they let me do the carpets and
stuff and I was still cleaning the rugs
but he told me said you don't have to
clean the toilets no more I want you to
quit that but I but I was doing the
carpets and I thought well okay I'll
keep doing the carpets so I told the
pastor I said I'm I'm going to quit that
part of my job and I'm going to I'm
going to uh stop but I'm going to still
do the floors I'll clean the floors and
stuff so I I took that money back and
and I just kept going well then they
laid me off cuz the pastor F early and I
told you all that
but but God has been
faithful and out of that came this
YouTube channel all of that came cuz I
told you I felt like I was called in
Ministry my whole life felt like God had
put his hand on me he told me that he
put healing on me and he wanted me to
lay hands on the sick and and do all
these things I told him myself said I
don't know how I'm going to do all that
I'm a janitor but he just but but he
wanted me to go through the Refiner's
Fire and that's how I believe the voice
of God was birth out of me through
obedience listening to him through the
small things and being obedient to what
it was then he started using me telling
me I want you to do this I want you to
do that and I started giving words to
people and and that's how it happened so
I just wanted to encourage you all today
about the visitations and the
manifestations about what the Lord's
told me is coming and I and I want you
all to be a part of it I'm excited about
what God told me's coming I'm excited
about the impartations of the spirit of
God
and and and this is the time this is a
time for great manifestations you all
I'm telling you this isn't a time to to
to to shrink back and get all
discouraged about what's going on with
the wars and the shootings and all the
craziness in this world right now it's
time for us when the dark is getting
dark it's time to get the light lighter
and it's time for us to show the love of
God to people like never before it's
time for us to be the the salt of the
the Earth and to and to be that that
person that they run to when people know
you're a Christian at your work and you
tell them about your faith when when
times get hard they're going to be
looking for you trust me it happens to
me all the time though people call me
and say man you know family whoever they
always look at you go oh yeah he's a
he's religious nut but I'm telling you
when they get diagnosed with something
bad you're the first person they call
and asking for prayer because because
they don't they they know hey he at
least believes that cuz cuz people get
freaked out when they get diagnosed with
some kind of bad disease and I'm telling
you you will be in the place to be able
to help pick them up out of their pit
whenever you are are shining the
brightest you've got to keep yourself on
the Potter's will in these last days and
just say God here I am Use Me Here I Am
Lord use me today send
me
here I am today Lord send me into the
Nations send me into the city and and
send me into the workplace and let my
light shine so bright that the glory of
God would be radiating out of my face
like Moses I pray it all the time Jesus
Shine on my face today every poor every
fiber of my being even whenever you're
going and trying to get a coffee and
you're and you're in the in there and
you get up to the line and they see you
and and they could be liberals and
they're all look like they're all going
to hell you keep shining the light of
God coming through your face Lord use me
here am I Lord send me just like like it
says in the Bible here am I Lord my lips
are unclean and the and the and the
Angel takes the coal off the Altar and
puts that on his lips and and the Fire
Burns in Lord use me in these last days
let me me lay hands on the sick and let
them recover let me cast out the Devils
Use Me Lord let me be a vessel that you
could use I pray it all the time every
day even whenever I'm doing these videos
I don't want to do these videos by
myself if the holy spirit is not in this
video I don't want to waste your time
because I by myself have nothing to tell
you I really don't it's all by the grace
of God that I'm even able to do what I
do because if you really truly knew me
you would say man he's a really boring
person but I believe by the power of the
Holy Ghost on my life I can tell you
something and maybe I can help you today
because he's helped me with so much so
that's what I go for every time lord use
my lips today to do something to help
somebody else on this YouTube channel so
I pray for you all and I believe God
that there's something supernaturally
going to happen for you today for your
unsaved loved ones to get born again for
your deliverances for all the healing
that you need Jesus Christ paid the
price for you you don't have to be broke
you don't have to be sick you don't have
to be uh Bound By Any kind of demonic
Spirit he came to set the captives free
and for whom the son is set free is free
indeed and the same Jesus that set the
people free 2,000 years ago is setting
them free setting you free today I
believe that with all my heart you just
have to reach up and get it by faith
reach up right now I grab it by faith
and I pull it out of the Supernatural
and I pour it to me God I thank you Lord
I receive everything you have for me
today I will lack no good thing and I
will live long and finish strong I will
live long and I will finish strong and
I'll finish my race
I refuse to go home early and be robbed
of the blessing of called life I will I
will be a light in the darkness in these
last days and I thank you Father that
this is my day for this is the day that
you have made and we will rejoice and be
glad in it for God you are
faithful and we worship you today Father
so father we just thank you Lord right
now in the name of Jesus for every
person that is repres represented here
today we call them healed and whole and
well in the mighty name of Jesus we
thank you Lord that they hear your voice
and a stranger's voice shall not follow
I thank you Father we pray over their
ears right now that every single one of
them they hear you hear you clear and
clear more clear every day I thank you
Lord for manifestations of the glory of
God on their life I thank you Lord for
healings and whole wholeness and
wellness to flow through their body
right now everybody on the other end of
other side of this camera I rebuke
sickness and disease off of you in the
name of Jesus I command you to be healed
and whole and well in the name of Jesus
from the top of your head to the souls
of your feet you are delivered from that
that that infirmity on your body whether
it be kidney disease or or cancer or
diabetes or heart disease I call you
healed and whole and well right now in
the name of Jesus and the power of the
Holy Ghost go through this camera and
touch your life right now in Jesus name
I call deliverance and healing and
wholeness over you from all kinds of
addictions from alcohol to perversions
from pornographies to whatever from
drugs I command you to be free right now
in the name of Jesus from
that and I thank you Lord that you're
delivering them and I thank you Lord oh
I just I call restoration of marriages I
call restoration over that marriage
right now in the name of Jesus
I take authority over over over demonic
spirits causing that division in that
home and I call Peace that passes all
understanding over that home right
now I call wayward children to come home
in jesus' name I call Deliverance over
them from drugs and perversions of all
kinds and I thank you Lord that you
bringing them home angels angels of the
lord we s and make make make uh make
them come home help them help them help
these people angels go right now in the
name of Jesus and we thank you Lord
right now that those angels are going
out and bringing our children home I
thank you Lord father we thank you we
give you praise and glory and we take
take authority over you Satan in Jesus
name and we say thus far and no further
you will not touch our loved ones
anymore we call them delivered and
healed and whole and set free by the
power of the Lord and we call them
delivered from addictions and we call
them born again and on fire for Jesus in
the mighty name of Jesus and we give you
all the glory honor and praise today and
we say glory to God for he's bringing it
to pass do you believe it you've got to
believe it you've got to believe it
we're not Beggars we're Believers you
can't be begging him for stuff you got
to be beli in him for stuff he's not
moved by your need he's moved by your
faith you got to know that and if you if
you're thinking well God how come you
haven't moved my life he's not moved by
your need he's moved by faith if he
moved by need the devil will be making
God move around and doing stuff cuz he
Devil's one that causes needs my father
will supply all my needs according to
his riches and Glory by Christ Jesus and
he'll take care of you today if you
believe him for it I just want to tell
you all thank you for joining me I just
want to say thank you for all the
kindness you showed to my family God
bless you guys put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart we love you so
much and we'll see you next time at have
a blessed day y'all bye bye